Sorry, Miss Ye. We do not recognize any form of cavalier rhetoric in our store.
If you don't want to leave, I will notify security,
Please get out. My eyes were really opened today.
You have to do it for a bastard who can't afford anything.
Get rid of guests like me who squat on the rails.
You will answer well tomorrow. Ye Qingyuan,
Don't be happy too early. And then the whole Cloud City,
I am the real richest man of the Ye family in Tianjin.
And you are just an incompetent person,
I have no knowledge, and I have been a sour-smelling idiot all my life.
The reason why the ugly crow turned into a white swan
It's because he is the swan himself
Ya Zi remembers living in a swan pen since she was a child.
Ah, it’s always just a crow
Yes, you are a fake
I have used my identity to respect my virginity for more than 20 years
You should just say it when you see him
Who is the fake in Yeqingyuan?
Who else but you
What's on the Wild Green Plains?
I am the real business lady Dachao
Sorry, Teacher Xixi
You said this is Teacher Xixi?
This is an international designer
I make each other equally beautiful
There was a problem with my work just now
Let's defeat him and the main army later.